1. How does the internet actuallu work?
Ans: A lot of people think it's a cloud, something that's hanginh around in the sky. It's super complex, super difficult
to understand, but actually, that's not it at all. The internet is pretty simple. All it is just a long piece of wire.
And wire connects differents coputers to each other. So we might have one computer that's in Bangladesh and another one
that's in USA, and they can talk to each other and transfer data through this giant wire. 

2. What is server?
Ans: Some of computers attached the Internet have a very special job. They have to be online 24 seven, ready to serve
us all the data and files that we are requesting when we try to access a website. And these are called server. And they
serve us all the data and files that we need to be able to access and interact with certain website. So these computer are 
called servers and any computer that a user would use to access the Internet is called a client. 

3. What is web-server and how is it work?
Ans: Let's say that we are sitting at home on our computer and type in Google.com because we want to head over to the main Google home
page. This time our browser will send that message to our ISP or Internet service provider. These are the people who we pay to be able 
to access the Internet. And ISP will relay that message to something called a DNS server, which stands for a domain name system server. 
DNS server will looked up database to find the ecact IP address of that website that we are trying to access. Every single computer that's
connected to the Internets has an IP address. It's kind of like a postal code for our computer so that when people need to send and 
receive files on the internet, each computer can be located and contacted using their unique IP address. And once the DNS server finds that IP 
address, it will send it back to our browser through the ISP, over the INternet. 

4. How to website design? 
Ans: The most important thing to making a website loved by users is pretty much the design. There are four pillars of good web design, 
i) Colour theory
ii) User Interface Design
iii) Typography and 
iv) User Experience Design.  

5. How many types of website?
Ans: There are two types of website,
i) Static website: A static website is one with stable content, where every user sees the exact same thing on each individual page. HTML, CSS, Javascript is used for developing the website.
ii) Dynamic website:  On the other hand, a dynamic website is one where content is pulled on-the-fly, allowing its content to change with the user. such as PHP, Node.js, ASP.NET and many more 

6. What is HTML?
Ans: HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language. It is a standard markup language for web page creation. It allows the creation and structure of sections, paragraphs, 
and links using HTML elements (the building blocks of a web page) such as tags and attributes. 
The two main parts of an HTML document are the head and the body.

7. What is an HTML Tag?
Ans: An HTML tag is a piece of markup language used to indicate the beginning and end of an HTML element in an HTML document.